feat: add arguments optional lab to full stack (#61835)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-optional-arguments-sum-function/a97fd23d9b809dac9921074f.md

---
id: a97fd23d9b809dac9921074f
title: Build an Optional Arguments Sum Function
challengeType: 26
dashedName: build-an-optional-arguments-sum-function
---

# --description--

> In this lab you will build a function that sum its arguments, where the arguments can be optional.

Reviewer: Maybe it is more clear with
```suggestion
In this lab you will build a function that accepts up to two arguments, and sum them, but if there is only one argument returns a function that waits for the second number to sum.
```

what do you think?
